This directory contains a set of class templates that are defined in 
namespace Pscf::Rp and are used in the program-level namespaces Pscf::Rpc 
and Rpg to create closely analogous pairs of classes used in different 
programs.  Instantiations of each class template in namespace Pscf::Rp 
are used as base classes for corresponding instantiations of two closely 
analogous class templates defined in Pscf::Rpc and Pscf::Rpg. Generally, 
the base class template in Pscf::Rp and the derived class templates in 
Pscf::Rpc and Rpg::Rpg all share the same name. For example, each 
instantiation of the template <int D> class Pscf::Rpc::System with an 
integer value D=1, 2, or 3 is derived from an instantiation of a class 
template defined in the Pscf::Rp namespace that is also named "System". 

All of the templates defined in namespace Pscf::Rp take the dimension D of 
space as an integer template parameter. Most also take a class parameter 
named "T" as an additional parameter. In instantiations of such templates,
the argument associated with parameter T should be an instantiation of 
either the class template Pscf::Rpc::Types (file src/rpc/system/Types.h), 
for instantiations used in namespace Pscf::Rpc, or an instantiation of 
class template Pscf::Rpg::Types (file src/rpg/system/Types.h) for 
instantiations used in namespace Pscf::Rpg.  The "Types" class template 
defined in each of these two program-level namespaces takes the spatial 
dimension D as its only template parameter, and defines a set of typename
aliases for classes used only in that program-level namespace (Pscf::Rpc 
or Pscf:Rpg) for the specified value of D. Typename aliases defined in 
each such "Types" class are referred to in the implementation of class 
templates defined in Pscf::Rp to create generic class definitions that
can be adapted for use in either pscf_rpc or pscf_rpg by simply using 
different "Types" classes as template arguments. As an example, consider
the class template instantiation Pscf::Rpc::System<3>, which is the type
of the main system object used in the pscf_rpc CPU program for problems 
involving three-dimensional fields. This class is derived from an the 
instantiation Pscf::Rp::System<3, Pscf::Rpc::Types<3> > of the System 
class template defined in namespace Rp. 

The src/rp directory has the subjectory structure shown below, which
is generally analogous to that of the src/rpc and src/rpg directories:

Subdirectories:
  
field/       - fields and spatial domain
fts/         - partial saddle-point field theoretic simulation (PS-FTS)
scft/        - self-consistent field theory (SCFT)
solvers/     - modified diffusion equation (MDE) solvers
system/      - main System class template

