The src/prdc directory contains source code for treating systems with
periodic boundary conditions. 

All source code in this directory is defined in namespace Pscf::Prdc, 
and may use classes and functions defined in namespace Util (directory 
src/util) or parent namespace Pscf (directory src/pscf).  Code in the
Pscf::Prdc namespace may be used throughout the Pscf::Rp, Pscf::Rpc, 
Pscf::Rpg, Pscf::Cp, Pscf::Cpc and Pscf::Cpg namespaces (or directories 
src/rp, src/rpc, src/rpg, src/cp, src/cpc and src/cpg) to construct 
programs for systems with periodic boundary conditions.

Subdirectories:
---------------

  cpu/         - field containers etc. for CPU
  cuda/        - field containers etc. for GPU
  crystal/     - unit cells, space groups, and symmetry adapted basis
  environment/ - generation of imposed mask and external fields
  tests/       - unit tests for code in src/prdc

Enclosed namespaces:
--------------------

  Namespace Pscf::Prdc encloses two sub-namespaces that contain
  analogous code designed to use different hardware:

  - Code in prdc/cpu is defined in namespace Pscf::Prdc::Cpu
  - Code in prdc/cuda is defined in namespace Pscf::Prdc::Cuda

  Namespaces Pscf::Prdc::Cpu and Pscf::Prdc::Cuda contain analogous
  definitions of classes that are designed for use on code that runs on 
  a Cpu or that uses an NVIDIA GPU, respectively. Analogous classes in 
  these namespaces generally have the same name.  For example, each 
  defines a class template named RField that stores data for a real-valued 
  field defined on the nodes of a regular grid. The memory used by class
  Pscf::Prdc::Cpu::RField is allocated on the CPU while memory used by
  by class Pscf::Prdc::Cuda::RField is allocated in global GPU memory.  
  Classes defined in Pscf::Prdc::Cpu are used in namespaces Pscf::Rpc 
  and Pscf::Cpc to construct programs that use only CPU hardware, while
  those defined in Pscf::Prdc::Gpu are used in namespaces Pscf::Rpg and
  Pscf::Cpg to construct GPU-accelerated programs.

Makefile and makefile fragments:
--------------------------------

makefile     - main makefile for src/prdc directory tree
sources.mk   - list of source files in src/prdc (makefile fragment)
patterns.mk  - pattern rules for use in src/prdc (makefile fragment)

Doxygen documentation file:
---------------------------

prdc.mod     - definition of Pscf_Prdc_Module doxygen topics module 

