This src/ directory contains all C++ and CUDA C++ source code for the PSCF 
package.  The subdirectories util, pscf, r1d, prdc, rp, rpc/, rpg, cp, cpc,
and cpg each contain source code for classes and functions defined in a 
particular C++ namespace. The test subdirectory contains source code for a
unit test framework. Subdirectories util/ and test/ are maintained as 
separate github repositories that are installed as submodules of the pscfpp
git repository when the repository is cloned using the --recursive option.

Subdirectories (with corresponding C++ namespace names in parentheses):

  util - general utilities for scientific computation (Util)
  pscf - classes accessible throughout the PSCF package (Pscf)
  r1d  - real fields, one-dimensional SCFT (Pscf::R1d)
  prdc - periodic systems (Pscf::Prdc)
  rp   - SCFT & PS-FTS with real periodic fields, CPU & GPU (Pscf::Rp)
  rpc  - SCFT & PS-FTS with real periodic fields, CPU  (Pscf::Rpc)
  rpg  - SCFT & PS-FTS with real periodic fields, GPU  (Pscf::Rpc)
  cp   - CL-FTS with complex periodic fields, CPU & GPU (Pscf:Cp)
  cpc  - CL-FTS with complex periodic fields, CPU (Pscf:Cpc)
  cpg  - CL-FTS with complex periodic fields, GPU (Pscf:Cpg)
  test - unit testing framework (base classes)

  Directories r1d, rpc, rpg, cpc, and cpg are "program level" directories 
  that each contain code that is only accessible to and used by a single 
  executable program, namely, pscf_1d, pscf_pc, pscf_rpg, pscf_cpc, or
  pscf_cpg. By convention, source files in one program-level directory 
  may never include files from a different program-level directory.

  Directories util, pscf, prdc, rp, and cp each contain code that is used
  in two or more programs. Names of classes and other entitites defined 
  in files located in the util and pscf directories may be used anywhere 
  in the PSCF package. Names defined in the prdc directory are accessible 
  in the other directories containing code designed for periodic boundary 
  conditions (i.e., the rp, rpc, rpg, cp, cpc, and cpg directories), but 
  are not used in the r1d directory. Names defined in the rp directory are
  used only in the rpc and rpg program-level directories, for programs that
  use real periodic fields. Names defined in the cp directory are used 
  only in the cpc and cpg program-level directories, for programs that 
  use complex periodic fields.

  Status: The code for complex periodic fields in the cp, cpc, and cpg 
  directories is currently very fragmentary, and is not ready for prime 
  time.  Code in all other subdirectories of src is mature and ready 
  for general use.

Files (maintained in the git repository):

  setopts  - script for managing compile-time options
  makefile - main makefile for in-source compilation (build in src)
  programs.mod - doxygen page for program command-line interfaces
  CONTENTS - this file

Files (installed by the configure script):

  config.mk - main configuration file (editable makefile fragment)

